docs: add loading and parsing where relevant remove chunk column argument (#480)
timescale/pgai: docs/vectorizer/api-reference.md

The `int` id of the vectorizer that you created.

## Loading configuration

You use the loading configuration functions in `pgai` to define the way data is loaded from the source table.

The loading functions are:

> - [ai.loading_row](#aïoading_row)

Reviewer: Broken links

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use in [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

### ai.loading_document

You use `ai.loading_document` to load the data to embed from a file that is referenced in a column of the source table.
This file path is internally passed to [smart_open](https://github.com/piskvorky/smart_open), so it supports any protocol that smart_open supports. E.g. S3, GCS, etc.
You just need to ensure the vectorizer worker has the correct credentials to access the file.
For S3, you can set the `AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID`, `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY` environment variables.

#### Example usage

```sql
SELECT ai.create_vectorizer(
    'my_table'::regclass,
    loading => ai.loading_document('file_path'),
    -- other parameters...
);
```

#### Parameters

`ai.loading_document` takes the following parameters:

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| column_name | text | - | ✔ | The name of the column containing the file path. |

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use in [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

## Parsing configuration

> You use the parsing configuration functions in `pgai` to define the way data is parsed from the source table. This is useful if you want to load data that is not immediately text data and therefore needs to be parsed first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use the parsing configuration functions in `pgai` to define the way data, after being loaded, is parsed. This is useful if you want to load data that is not immediately text and therefore needs to be parsed first. I.e. a PDF document.
```

The parsing functions are:

- [ai.parsing_auto](#aïoparsing_auto)
- [ai.parsing_none](#aïoparsing_none)

> - [ai.parsing_pymupdf](#aïoparsing_pymupdf)

Reviewer: Also we should add the docling one

### ai.parsing_auto

> You use `ai.parsing_auto` to automatically parse the data from the source table with a fitting available parser.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use `ai.parsing_auto` to automatically parse the data with a fitting available parser.
```

> This parser will decide on the fly if it should use `ai.parsing_pymupdf` or `ai.parsing_none`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This special parser will decide on the fly which parser fits with each of the documents by guessing the file type.
```

#### Example usage

```sql
SELECT ai.create_vectorizer(
    'my_table'::regclass,
    parsing => ai.parsing_auto(),
    -- other parameters...
);
```

#### Parameters

`ai.parsing_auto` takes the following parameters:

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| None | - | - | - | - |

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use in [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

### ai.parsing_none

> You use `ai.parsing_none` to load the data as is from the source table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use `ai.parsing_none` to load the data as is from the source table. 

> [!NOTE]  
> This is the default parser; adding this parser or skipping the `parsing` parameter does the same effect.
```

#### Example usage

```sql
SELECT ai.create_vectorizer(
    'my_table'::regclass,
    parsing => ai.parsing_none(),
    -- other parameters...
);
```   

> #### Parameters

Reviewer: Is this required?

`ai.parsing_none` takes the following parameters:

| Name | Type | Default | Required | Description |
|------|------|---------|----------|-------------|
| None | - | - | - | - |

#### Returns

A JSON configuration object that you can use in [ai.create_vectorizer](#create-vectorizers).

### ai.parsing_pymupdf

> You use `ai.parsing_pymupdf` to parse the data from the source table using [pymupdf](https://pymupdf.readthedocs.io/en/latest/).

Reviewer: As I commented earlier, this "the source table" doesn't sound pretty clear to me.  https://github.com/timescale/pgai/pull/480/files#r1957956533
